Now as you know if you work with javascript inside of the browser you've probably had to work with the
node list.
Now understanding the difference between a node list object and an array is kind of confusing because
they look very similar and you access both of them with brackets notation but internally they behave
very differently.
But luckily with the advent of iOS 6 we now have no list iterators so what we can do is just make a
bunch of divs here so we'll just do div times 5 like so and then after that we'll get access to it.
So we'll do let's say let div list equals document queery selector.
All like so now we're just going to select all the divs like so cancel not log this.
You can see we get our node list right here.
So since E.S. 6 came out now we have a way to loop through this node list with an iterator similar to
the way we would loop through an array with a default array iterator so we can just do 4 let div of
div list like so then inside of here we can just called Soldat log individual divs like so.
So as you can see we have a much easier way of looping through an entire new idlis with this built in
iterator.
Interesting thing about this is inside of the Noseless definition which is actually the age TMLC specification
instead of the 6 or the javascript specification.
That's where you'll find the definition for this builtin iterator.